the marijuana industry by the way is
getting involved now in the political
process an increasing number of
businesses that sell pot have been
making donations to support candidates
with the hope that they will gain
influence in Washington and you thought
Congress didn't do anything before wait
until the weed lobbyists get in there
but if the marijuana industry really
wants to influence the political process
they need to start by helping stoners
remember to vote that would be job
number one if I was it's done I'm not
sure if it is a good thing to do I
wonder if regular pot smokers pay enough
attention to politics to have a pilot to
make a positive impact so we don't just
sit around though and wonder about
things we act so today I sent a crew to
a medical marijuana dispensary here in
Hollywood armed with nothing but a
camera and a microphone and some very
basic questions this is a pop quiz and
we'll find out now how it went
okay what's your name and where you from
Alex Hollywood California okay hey right
here sir make it happen
cool uh uh and Alex you smoke marijuana
all day every day all day every day yes
sir you how do you get anything done um
it's just a lifestyle bro just gotta
make it happen
all right so who's the leader of North
Korea the leader of North Korea I know
he looks like don't know his name and it
was a lead actor in Pineapple Express oh
that's a good question
Seth Rogen what did anyone where you
from my name is Chi King I'm from
Brooklyn New York and what are you out
here doing today me smoking weed can you
name me the current Secretary of State
that was feeding me a brand of rolling
papers wrong who's the Pope right now I
knew it
oh I don't know Pope John Paul to
something
what's pizza it's new crusts topped with
bacon
how many electoral votes this California
get no idea how many grams in an ounce
grant 28 who's the Speaker of the House
Speaker of the House no idea who's the
star of Big Momma's House what's his
name
Martin Lawrence yeah right who's the
Pope right now um the last guy stepped
down I don't know an old guy who's the
stoner on Dancing with the Stars right
now Tommy Chong can you name me one
Supreme Court justice no can you name me
one item from Taco Bell Congrats a dream
who addressed the UN about climate
change last week I don't know I work too
much who went to White Castle Harold and
Kumar how does the bill become law I
don't know how does an apple become a
bomb oh that's easy that's what you put
the tube on the sides put the knife in a
strap you stick a pin from the top and
you stick a pen from the side bingo put
that little weed on top use that little
hole in the bottom and light up are you
high right now no not yet but you
stopped my process and I was about to go
into the weeds start hi internet
Watchers Jimmy Kimmel here subscribe to
my youtube channel for all our latest
viral videos and while you're here don't
forget to get in a very stupid fight in
the comment section okay